Are you having fun watching your
book get made into a movie?
It's not what I expected.
Take it up with the
head of the studio.
Why don't we have dinner
tonight, talk about it?
That girl is your daughter?
My cousin, Josefina,
she raised her as your own.
So she doesn't even
know she's adopted.
You don't get to decide
what Daniela does.
And I gave birth to her!
Stay way from me, both of you!
I'm not going back to Adrian.
I'm moving in!
You have to start
fending for yourself.
That means get a job.
That is quite possibly
the ugliest thing
anyone has ever said to me.
How'd you like to
come and work for me?
This really cute guy came over
and assumed I owned the house,
so I went with it.
Zoila, this is my mother.
I like her, too.
But not for you.
I have other plans
for you, Kyle.
I'm glad we can
still be friends,
even though things fizzled out.
Adrian Powell, have you ever
met my dear friend, Zoila?
No.
No?
I think you and he would
be an excellent match.
I knew those two
would hit it off.
Fabian, my hair dresser.
He's fabulous, funny,
fierce, ferocious,
and officially
my new best friend.
You should read this.
It's going to change your life.
Oh, my God.
Spence Westmore,
you're under arrest.
Yeah, I'm here to help.
You need to find out
who really killed Peri.
I killed Peri.
Ben is washing Spence's brain.
That's why he confessed.
She's not asking
questions about Spence?
She doesn't have a clue.
And she doesn't know
anything about The Circle?
The Circle?
Do you know what it is?
No, I don't.
I can't breath!
Spence!
Help!
Spence?
Oh, Rosie.
Oh, I had the worst dream.
Peri was dead,
and I was in jail.
Oh, but I am free.
Not exactly.
You're in the hospital.
You collapsed at the prison,
and they brought you here.
Bernie!
Could you tell the doctor
Spence is awake?
That's Bernie. He's making
sure you don't escape.
Lucky me.
Is this a private room?
It's pretty nice.
I guess.
It's a hospital room.
It's the Taj Mahal
compared to prison.
I mean, check out these sheets.
There's no holes.
They're clean.
Don't you want to know
why you collapsed?
Do they think
it could be serious?
Maybe I could
stay here forever.
[Door opens]
Hello, I'm Dr. Brooks.
Are the tests back?
Do you know what's wrong
with Spence?
Is it a brain tumor?
You're suffering
from withdrawal.
Probably from some
sort of barbiturate.
Is that what you took?
Hold on a second. I didn't
take any drugs, I swear.
Then how did it
get in your system?
Ben!
What?
That's how he got you
to confess.
Ben drugged you, and now
you're going through withdrawal.
The point is you're
gonna be okay.
You can go back to prison
in a couple days.
Thank you, Doctor.
Good news.
But wait a second.
There's no chance it
could be a brain tumor?
♪ ♪
- sync and corrections by Zac -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Last night was great.
You were great.
Mm.
Marisol, it is bad enough
I have to be at work by 10:00,
but must I also listen to
your insipid pillow talk?
Hello, Peter.
Evelyn, I didn't realize
you were working here.
She has a flexible definition
of the word "working."
When you coerced me
into accepting this job,
you didn't mention you'd
be providing all the staff
for the gala.
It's been chaos.
[Cellphone rings]
Does that phone
ever stop ringing?
When you answer it.
Snarkiness is not
the best color on you.
And neither is yellow.
So, the gala?
The Hamilton House Gala.
It's a benefit for
inner city kids.
I know. The studio
is a big contributor.
But I was planning to ask
you to come as my date.
Oh, I would love to, but I've got
40 workers to manage that night.
Oh. I was hoping to introduce
you to some of my colleagues.
Well, can't Evelyn
manage the staff?
She's your employee, isn't she?
She is.
But it's hard to
ask her for things.
[Cellphone ringing]
Marisol, how many times
do you expect me to answer that?
Every time.
Daniela, you've been gone
all night, and I'm worried.
Call me back, please.
Es tu mami.
She knows who it is.
You only called
a hundred times.
And I'll call a hundred more.
Josefina, will you relax?
She's been gone for 10 hours.
A lot could happen in 10 hours.
She could be lost or hurt.
A man with a puppy
could lure her into his car.
She's not a little kid.
If she's not answering the phone,
it's because
she doesn't want to.
[Sighs]
You know why you're not
as freaked out as me?
Because I'm not a crazy person.
You're afraid to see her,
because now she
knows the truth,
that you dumped her like garbage
and never looked back.
You think she's gonna hate me?
I  know she's gonna hate you.
Ay! That girl
can hold a grudge.
I feel terrible.
I'm gonna call her again.
Okay, but trust me...
Danni's more mature
than you think.
Wherever she is, she's fine.
[Ringtone plays]
You gonna get that?
[Beeps]
[Cellphone clatters]
[Sighs] You didn't even
look to see who it was.
My mom.
Or my other mom.
I have two moms now.
Oh, my head hurts!
Uh, yeah.
I wonder why.
Thank you for being
a good listener last night.
I'd be happy to listen today,
if you want me to.
I have a better idea.
Let's get...
sexy.
You're the opposite of sexy
right now.
Are you sure?
I think we should call
your mom or Carmen.
They must be worried.
Let them worry.
I don't want to deal
with them right now.
And promise me you won't
tell Carmen where I am.
Danni, you're gonna have to
talk to them eventually.
I don't care.
Just promise me.
Okay.
I'm fine.
Seriously.
Mah.
Zoila?
Hey.
Kyle.
I was just about to
go for a jog
when I saw you, and...
I-I wanted to see if you
got any of our mail.
I'm expecting a letter.
[Chuckles]
No.
But if it shows up,
you can take your shirt off
again and come and get it.
Hey, um...
I-I saw a Bentley here
the other night.
You get a new car or...
was someone visiting?
Are you keeping tabs on me?
I just notice
who's coming and going.
For safety reasons.
Ah.
I was on a date.
Well... that's good.
Yeah, it was good.
Really good.
So you'll probably see
more of that Bentley
around here at night.
Maybe even the next morning.
Well, I better
get back to my jog.
I'll look out for your letter.
What?
Oh, yeah.
Right. Bye.
That's an interesting theory.
But what kind of drug would
make a man confess to murder?
Well, I did research
on the Internet.
Of course you did.
And there are some drugs
that could make Spence
think he was a killer.
Like...
these.
Lemons, non-fat milk,
lotion...
Oops. That's my shopping list
for Mrs. Genevieve.
Uh, Rosie, let me
ask you something.
Which is more likely...
"A," Spence was drugged
and brainwashed
against his will,
or "B"... he's an addict
who hasn't had a fix
since he was imprisoned?
The one with the brainwashing?
[Doorbell rings]
Oh, hi.
Uh, hi, yourself.
[Chuckles]
I feel underdressed.
Peter's taking me to a gala,
so I was just
trying on some gowns.
That one works.
Do you want to come in?
Sounds like things are
working out with Peter.
Yeah, he's great.
Sorry, it's a little
weird talking about
the current guy with the ex.
It's about to get
a little weirder.
I'm seeing someone, too.
Oh.
Well... good for you.
Yeah, i-it's new,
and I like her, but she's...
she's in a bad place right now.
And I thought you could help.
Why me?
Don't you and Carmen
tell each other things?
Yeah, she tells me everything,
even things I don't
want to know.
Jesse, what's going on?
Why don't you sit down?
I can't actually
sit in this dress.
Just tell me.
Fabian, thank you for
another wonderful afternoon.
The ballet was breathtaking.
Oh, when that
prima ballerina came out
in that shimmery
little muumuu thing?
Yes, mama!
[Both chuckle]
And what about the leading man?
The concentration, the skill,
the muscular little tush.
You were out with me and ogling
another man's buttocks?
I was ogling yours, too.
Very perky, by the way.
[Laughs] Oh!
[Giggles]
Hey, did you ever get around
to reading that book
I lent you about The Circle?
I read the back of it.
Genevieve!
I've been just so busy.
I promise to get to it soon.
Well, if I were you,
I would go upstairs right now
and read it cover to cover.
That's how amazing it is.
I appreciate
the recommendation.
Can I see you again this week?
Of course. I really cherish
our little adventures.
No man has ever
taken me to the ballet.
Well, I am not like other men.
[Both laugh]
That's for certain.
You are just so...
fabulous.
I feel the same way about you.
Goodbye, gorgeous.
â ª♪
[Door opens]
I don't get it.
Kyle dumped  me.
But then he sees
Adrian at my house,
and he's showing up shirtless?
Why was Mr. Powell
at your house?
Forget that, how did
Kyle look without a shirt?
Oh, shockingly good.
But it's weird
he's acting all jealous.
Unless he can see my stoop
from his window,
and he saw Adrian kiss me.
You sucked face
with Mr. Powell?!
Oh, my... I'm gonna be sick.
Was he a good kisser?
I don't want to know that.
Long story short, I got
roped into a date with Adrian,
a one-time thing.
Obviously, I'm not
interested in him.
But if it's making
Kyle jealous?
Oh, here's Marisol.
Shh, shh, shh.
She can't know
any of this, so...
Uh, Carmen, can I talk
to you for a second?
Alone?
Why?
What did I do?
[Chuckles]
And why can't you talk
in front of us?
Because I think
I know something
that maybe I'm not supposed to.
Zoila said not to tell you.
Carmen! Callate!
What? She obviously knows.
To be honest, I'm surprised
we kept it a secret
from her for this long.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
I'm the only one who
didn't know about this?
We thought you
wouldn't approve.
What?
I think it's wonderful!
Carmen's a mother!
What?! What?!
¿Que?!
He cousin, Daniela,
is really her daughter.
Was that not the secret?
No.
It was definitely not that.
Well, then what?
Zoila's pretending
to be a rich homeowner
to all her neighbors.
Zoila!
I set you up with that job!
And that's why
I didn't say anything.
Can you guys fight later?
I want to know more
about Carmen being a mami.
How come you never told us?
Because.
Even Danni didn't know.
And when she found out, she...
she ran away.
But that's why
I needed to talk to you.
I know where she is.
Mmm!
Oh.
This creamed corn is delicious.
If you ever have to choose
between hospital food
and prison food,
hospital all the way.
I'll keep that in mind.
Listen, papi, the police
won't re-open your case,
not without proof.
Oh.
But I have an idea.
You know how Ben was
always bringing you coffee?
Mm-hmm, that's probably
how he drugged me.
Exactly.
So I was thinking if we can get
him to do it again,
maybe we could catch him
in the act.
You  want Ben to drug me?
To prove you're innocent.
And you'd have to go
through withdrawal again,
but you could stay here...
with the yummy
creamed corn, huh?
Look, Ben is dangerous.
He brainwashed me, framed me.
He probably killed Peri.
You stay away from him.
I know it's risky,
but what choice do we have?
You'll go back to prison.
Well, at least you'll be safe.
[Sighs]
Okay.
I don't want you to worry.
No, I do not want
the waiters wearing bolo ties.
They're going to be serving
champagne to millionaires,
not robbing the train to Yuma.
Are we clear?
Oh.
Well, good.
[Beep] [Scoffs]
I like how firm and decisive
you were with that vendor.
I do enjoy belittling people.
It really is my best thing.
Hey, I just had
a crazy thought.
No. You're not ready
for a promotion.
It's too soon.
Hold on. Promotion?
How would you like to be
in charge of the staff
at the Hamilton Gala?
Mm, no, thank you.
[Sighs] I'm in a bind.
Peter invited me to be his date,
and I'd love to go.
I have a solution...
break up with him.
Clearly he's just
a chauvinistic Hollywood type
who only wants to parade
you around like arm candy.
Really, you think so?
Marisol, can I bear
my soul to you?
Arm candy?
Marisol, focus.
Everyone will be at the gala,
including Adrian.
It would be demoralizing
for me to be seen
as a common day laborer.
Okay, stop!
I have done everything for you.
I've given you a place to stay.
I have fed you.
I have given you a job.
How many times
must I thank you?
You haven't yet.
You're working the gala, Evelyn.
That's that.
Where's Daniela?
What did you do to her?
I didn't do anything.
What's going on?
Ay, mija!
You're alive.
Of course I am.
How did you guys find me?
Your boyfriend here
has a big mouth.
I was worried about you.
You did the right thing.
Now get out.
But it's my apartment.
Do you really want to piss off
two angry Puerto Rican ladies?
Three angry
Puerto Rican ladies.
I'll... I'll be going now.
[Door closes]
Danni, I'm so sorry.
It breaks my heart
that I hurt you.
And I want to explain.
Mija, Carmen didn't have
a lot of choices back then.
Yeah, when I got pregnant,
I was young and stupid.
Yes. Carmen was a... How do you
say in English?... a ho.
I wasn't a ho.
I was popular.
Something Josefina
knows nothing about.
That's beside the point.
You have to forgive her.
Giving you to Josefina
was the best thing
I could have done.
You know, I-I knew she was gonna
be a great mother.
But she wasn't!
She lied to me my entire life.
Wait.
You're mad at  her?
I was protecting you.
I always felt like there
was something wrong.
And now it all makes sense.
Why we're nothing alike.
Why we never stop fighting.
All mothers
and daughters fight.
No.
You're not my mother.
And you never were.
♪ ♪
♪
Thank you for gracing me
with your presence,
your highness.
Evelyn, I'm certain
you called me here
to ask for something,
probably money.
May I suggest you
dial back the sarcasm.
My apologies.
I thought we'd meet on neutral
turf to discuss custody.
Custody of what?
Of our social calendar.
We need to divide
it up and decide
who's going to attend
which balls, fundraisers,
galas, et cetera.
Well, that does make sense.
The Childhood Obesity
Masquerade Ball on the 24th.
Yours.
[Clears throat]
Irritable Bowel
Casino and Cigar Night.
Everything about that
screams you.
And the Alzheimer's
Violet Ball.
Me.
I look better in purple.
It's really inarguable.
And, of course, there's
tomorrow's Hamilton House Gala.
I guess I'll just throw
myself on that grenade.
Hold on a second.
Why are you so eager to
attend the Hamilton Gala?
I'm not,
but one of us should be there.
You never enjoyed it.
Evelyn, I can read you
like a book.
Why don't you want me there?
Because I will be there
with someone.
You have a date!
Yes. He's a handsome man,
tall...
investment banker.
I see. And what is this
tall banker man's name?
Bartholomew.
Mm.
And if I'm there
with Bartholomew
and... and you're there alone,
you'll be horribly embarrassed.
Well, how very considerate.
So you won't be attending?
I will not.
You have my word.
Mm.
[Laughing] Bartholomew.
Fabian kissed me.
Fabian your hairdresser?
Square on the mouth.
With lots of intention
and passion.
Well, I'm confused.
I-Isn't he gay?
Apparently not all the way.
He seemed all the way to me.
Is it possible I'm so beautiful
that I turned him straight?
I don't think that happens.
I always saw Fabian
as my fabulous friend.
It never occurred to me
that he'd want more.
I wouldn't worry about
what Fabian wants.
Are  you attracted to him?
I don't think so.
I mean, the kiss was enjoyable,
but I think he was wearing
more lip gloss than I was.
Then there you go.
I just wanted to say goodbye.
I'm going back to the island.
What?
Josefina!
I'm not wanted here.
Come on.
Kids say stuff.
"Get out of my room.
I hate broccoli.
You're not my mother,
and you never were."
She meant what she said.
All her life, I worried
that this would happen.
That she'd find out.
And that she would pick you
over me.
She didn't pick me.
Of course she did.
Look at you.
You were always
the pretty one...
the talented one.
But you were the loving one.
None of that matters.
[Sniffles]
From the moment
she heard the truth,
she cut me out of her life.
Josefina, espérate.
You can't leave me
all alone with her.
I don't know what to say or do.
I just hope that...
this will finally
make Daniela happy.
I hope it's okay that
I drop by unannounced.
But I don't have
your phone number.
Because I didn't
give it to you.
Our date didn't go very well.
Trust me, I'll grow on you.
Hear me out.
There's this charity event
tonight.
I know it's last-minute.
Is that a car?
I think your neighbor
just got home.
Anyway, it's
the Hamilton House Gala,
if you know it.
Actually, it's a beautiful day.
Let's talk outside.
Anyway, in the past,
I've attended with my wife,
but this year, I thought,
"Why not enjoy myself?"
Would you move a little?
The sun's in my eyes.
Certainly.
Now, I know these fundraisers
can be a bit tedious.
Let me just...
But at least this one benefits
underprivileged children
and not some ridiculous
whale or manatee
or some other beast
who should be able
to fight his own battles.
[Laughs loudly]
Adrian, you're so funny.
So will you join me?
Uhhuh.
Great.
I'll pick you up at 8:00.
Wait, what?
For our second date.
I told you I'd grow on you.
[Chuckles]
Marisol.
Reverend Hamilton, how are you?
Very well.
Thank you so much for
helping out with the gala.
I hope you'll be able to enjoy
some of the night's festivities.
Actually, I'm coming
as a guest.
But don't worry,
my assistant, Evelyn,
will be holding down the fort.
I'll point her out to you.
She's...
Nope, don't see her.
Would you excuse me
for a moment?
Absolutely.
Evelyn?!
What are you wearing?
I believe the correct
question is, who am I wearing?
You're supposed to be working.
You're in an evening gown!
Well, how would you
have me dress?
Like this.
[Scoffs] I don't think so!
That's God-awful!
[Sighs]
But you pull it off.
Did you really think you could
come here and socialize?
I assure you, I'm taking my
responsibilities very seriously.
There is an extra uniform
in the catering truck.
Put... it... on.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Excuse me.
Ben?
I'm Rosie.
Rosie?
Spence's Rosie?
That's the one.
How can I help you?
It's, um...
about Spence.
I don't know if you've heard,
but he's at Doheny Medical.
Spence is out of prison?
I thought you might
like to visit him...
since you're friends.
That was before
he murdered Peri.
But he's going through
withdrawal from drugs.
Isn't that strange?
Well, he's an addict.
Oh, right.
You were his sponsor.
Anyway, his mind
is getting clear now,
and he's been talking a lot.
About what?
The night of the murder
and something called, uh...
The Circle.
You know what that is?
No idea.
But maybe you're right.
Maybe I should go visit Spence.
When do you suppose
would be the best time?
Well, I notice the guard
takes his dinner break at 6:00.
You could sneak in
and see him then.
Yeah.
That's very helpful.
Well, thank you.
No, thank you.
Spence was right to put
his trust in a man like you.
♪ ♪
[Indistinct conversations]
I hope you're happy.
My skin has now
touched polyester.
And a piece of
my soul has died.
You're welcome.
[Gasps] There's Peter.
Here.
Have fun.
Hmm!
[Sighs]
Thanks for waiting.
My bladder was about to pop.
Look at us,
talking about bladders
like an old married couple.
Shall we mingle, my dear?
Yeah, fine. Whatever.
Sorry I'm late.
The caterers and Evelyn...
It doesn't matter, I'm here now,
and I'm all yours.
Well, that makes me very happy.
Let me introduce you
to the gang.
- Marisol, this is...
- Oh, my God!
Hugh Metzger, I'm obsessed
with your films.
You know, I never get tired
of hearing that.
"Brentwood Dusk"
was incredible.
You were robbed of that Oscar.
Yeah, and I'm an old white guy.
If I didn't win, the picture
must have stunk, huh?
[Laughter]
This is Mark Caan
from distribution.
And Andrew Sosler
from development.
He's the one that
optioned your book.
Shame we couldn't
finish the film.
Yeah. Great read,
by the way.
[Gasps]
Hugh Metzger read my book.
Yep, but I heard that
that hack of a director
you got kind of screwed
the pooch on the adaptation.
I don't think the screenwriter
got what I was going for.
While I've got you all here,
uh, maybe we could
have a quick talk.
But, um, you know, you should
go introduce yourself to Candy.
Candy?
You'll really like her.
Go sit with the girls,
sweetheart.
We'll only be a minute.
It's all right.
So, I guess this is where girlfriends
and wives are supposed to go.
[Laughter]
Believe me, this is
the funnest table here.
I'm Candy.
Marisol.
And this is Kirsten
and Kiersten.
So...
Candy, Kiersten, and Kirsten.
Don't mix us up!
How could I?!
[Laughter]
O-M-G, that was delish.
I know. [Laughs]
I'm stuffed.
Mmm!
[Both chuckle]
Unh-unh.
My dear, when a man
takes a woman on a date,
he should pay.
This is a date, then?
What else would it be?
I asked you to
a romantic dinner spot,
I picked you up from your
house in my Mini Cooper.
Oh, Fabian.
[Chuckles]
You must forgive me,
but I assumed
that our relationship
was just friendly.
At first, but...
I'd say it's blossomed
into more than that.
In fact, I hope it's
not presumptuous, but...
I packed an overnight bag.
Goodness!
I have the exact same bag.
Oh!
I look forward to waking up
tomorrow in your arms.
Oh, Fabian.
I'm getting so many
mixed signals.
Aren't you gay?
Because I'm a hairdresser?
Is that the reason?
It's one of the reasons.
I'm sexually fluid.
Every living being
is a beautiful spirit,
and each one deserves love.
Oh, honey...
it's fine that you're gay
or whatever.
But I'm not gonna have
a relationship with you.
I thought you were
more open-minded.
If you'd read that book
I gave you, you'd get it.
I tried to read it.
But the truth is,
I found it kind of boring.
Boring?!
It's revolutionary.
You know what, Genevieve?
There's a reason
you didn't understand it.
The ideas in that
book are new...
and you're old.
Westmore.
[Door closes]
Old age finally getting to you?
Oh...
Hey, Ben.
What are you doing here?
Rosie told me you
were asking for me.
I really wish she
hadn't had done that.
Well, she's just
worried about you.
Brought you coffee...
old time's sake.
Oh, um...
I'm not supposed
to have caffeine.
Doctor's orders.
I don't think a cup
will kill you.
It might.
Come on, bud.
What's the big deal?
You okay?
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, yeah, I'm fine.
Um...
You know, actually that, uh...
coffee smells pretty good.
May I?
Bottoms up.
Listen.
My ex is here, and I don't
want him to see me.
Can you take over?
Uh, Marisol told me
that you're in charge,
and if you tried to sneak out,
I should tackle you.
Have I told you about
Marisol's drinking problem?
[Scoffs]
[Gasps]
Wait.
What is happening?
Stop talking and make
yourself big.
Now walk to the right.
Just walk to the right.
Evelyn?
Adrian, hello.
You're not supposed to be here.
Which is precisely why I came.
I wanted to know why
you tried to keep me away.
I told you I had a date.
Unfortunately,
Bartholomew is, um...
Imaginary?
Oh, please.
Nobody's name is Barthol...
What are you wearing?
I spilled wine on my Valentino,
and a cater waiter
lent me her clothes.
You're working.
Shh! Lower your voice!
You didn't want me here
because you have a job.
And the delicious irony is,
I'm the one with a date.
It's not called a date
when you pay them.
Evelyn, petty jealousy
is as unbecoming on you
as that outfit.
Zoila, I'd like you
to meet my ex.
Evelyn, Zoila's
a wonderful woman.
She's witty, charming, wealthy.
Please, stop.
And humble.
And I bet her toilets
are sparkling clean.
- Pardon me.
- Oh, you idiot!
[Laughs]
That's Genevieve's maid!
Rosie, what the hell?!
I'm sorry. I know you didn't
want me to talk to Ben.
So you did it anyway!
I got it all on video.
And then when they
test your blood,
they'll find the drug.
We have proof.
This is insane.
You just think that because
you're high as a kite right now.
Am I?
Mmhmm.
I feel pretty normal.
I don't think there was
any drugs in that coffee.
Hold on.
Let me try something.
Listen to the sound
of my voice.
You love prison.
You want to go back to prison.
No, I don't.
I hate prison.
iSanto dios!
He didn't drug you.
So he brought me coffee
just to be nice?
No, he's a bad guy.
Did he somehow figure out
what we were up to?
Ay!
She really left?
Yeah.
She went back to San Juan.
Oh, okay.
Well, now that she's gone,
we can focus on us.
Oh.
I have so many questions.
Like, who's my real dad?
I don't want to talk about him.
Oh, okay.
We don't have to.
Yeah.
This is, like, really strange.
I don't know what to call you.
Mom? Mami ?
Carmen!
Keep calling me Carmen.
Nothing's changed.
Are you kidding?
Everything's changed.
I know you're my mother now.
I'm not your mother, Danni.
I gave you up for a reason.
You were young,
and you weren't ready.
- But now that you know me...
- No, no.
Nothing's changed.
You don't want to be my mother?
I'm sorry, Danni.
I can't be that for you.
I don't have the mom gene
that everyone talks about.
Did I do something wrong?
Of course not.
You're an amazing girl.
It's... It's not
who I am, Danni.
You know, not then and not now.
Oh.
Look...
you have a mother already.
Her name is Josefina.
And the only thing she cares
about in the whole world
is you and your happiness.
So you have to go and make
things right with her.
Or you're not gonna
have a mother at all.
[Door opens, closes]
Well, I enjoy
an awkward silent car ride
as much as the next fellow,
but perhaps it's time to
explain what's going on.
I was hired to be the maid here
while the homeowner was away.
But people assumed I was
the owner, and I thought...
why not?
I get it.
Who wants to be a servant?
For your information,
it had nothing to do
with being a maid.
I just had...
other things going on.
Well...
your secret is safe with me.
Seriously?
You're not gonna tell
people about this?
Why would I?
Why wouldn't you?
You're kind of a prick.
I find you intriguing.
And if I out you,
you'll never get anywhere
with that neighbor of yours.
You caught on to that?
Please.
You were manipulating me
like a puppet earlier.
It's a miracle I still
asked you out.
Give me a break.
You only asked me out
to make Evelyn jealous.
It seems we have
a lot in common.
Now kiss me.
I don't think
that's a good idea.
There's a hulking silhouette
in the window.
I'm assuming
it's your neighbor.
Oh.
At least one of us will be
successful in our scheming.
I promise not to use tongue.
Let's just go with a hug.
♪ ♪
I mean, it took forever
to detail the Mercedes,
so I was late for yoga.
Do you do yoga, Marisol?
I'm sorry, what...
What are you talking about?
Forget him.
Once they're talking business,
you're on your own.
So, Marisol, you wrote a book?
I did, yeah.
How impressive.
[Chuckles]
I wish I could find the time
to just  read a book.
[Chuckles]
So, what do you all do?
Well, Kirsten and Kiersten
are both actors.
Which is why we need
to stay fit.
Oh, please.
I like to stay fit for Mark.
He'd dump me in a minute
if I chubbed out.
Ladies [Laughs]
doesn't it bother you
that we're all sitting here
while the men are all over there
talking about important things?
Important things?
For God's sake, we've
been talking about yoga
and... and facials
and diets.
Um, Marisol.
We are better than this!
We don't need to be
sitting on the sidelines
like a bunch of
bobbleheaded trophy wives.
[Laughs]
Marisol!
What are you doing?
She was saying that we're all
vapid and wasting our lives.
Marisol,
this is Candace Sosler,
chairperson of the studio.
- What?
- My boss.
[Coughs]
Oh, you poor thing.
You must be exhausted.
- Let me help you.
- Why are you being so nice?
My husband is a moron.
Isn't it wonderful?
[Chuckles]
Hello.
Oh, you're the reverend,
aren't you? Hello.
May I take that for you?
That's all right.
I don't mind.
I've had the most
incredible night.
Sometimes the Lord does
smile on us, doesn't He?
He certainly does.
Hallelujah.
I've been watching you.
You seem so...
happy serving others.
You obviously have
a beautiful soul.
There's something I'm not
accused of every day.
[Laughs]
And a sense of humor.
I wonder...
would you like to have dinner
with me tomorrow night?
So, I smoothed things
out with Candy.
She was surprisingly
sympathetic.
Mental illness
runs in her family.
Very funny.
Now, you want to tell me
why in the world
you said all those things?
Well, I felt like I had
rearranged my whole life
to be with you
and you were ignoring me.
I brought you here
because there were people
I wanted you to meet.
Candy was one of them.
So why didn't you
tell me that one of
the very attractive women
at my table
was also intelligent
and had a career.
That's not the most feminist
thing you've ever said.
I know, but if you pretend
it's a little your fault,
it will make me feel better.
I'm sorry.
The truth is I didn't
want to get your hopes up.
About what?
About your movie being
back in production.
I thought it was dead.
It was.
But now it's not.
Hugh Metzger wants to direct.
Really?!
But we all agree that
it needs a new script.
[Chuckles] That's for sure.
I'm glad you agree because
we want you to write it.
[Gasps]
[Knock on door]
We need to talk.
Come on in.
I can't stop
thinking about you.
I should have never
broken up with you.
I agree.
I still don't know
why you did it.
I'm a stupid guy.
I got scared.
I started to feel things
for you, and I panicked.
You were afraid of liking me,
so you dumped me?
That doesn't make any sense.
I know.
Give me another chance,
and I will make it up to you.
How?
I don't even know
what you could do.
Okay, maybe that.
One thing.
Let's not tell my mother.
I, um...
want it to be just us
for a while.
Deal.
♪ ♪
You ready
to go to the airport?
Just telling my mom
I'm coming home.
I have to apologize to her.
I was such a bitch.
Yeah.
You kind of were.
Hey!
I'm just agreeing with you.
[Chuckles]
You're lucky you're hot.
Mm.
So how long you plan
on being away?
I'm not sure.
I have to make things
right with my mom,
but there's one other
thing that I have to do.
What's that?
I'm gonna find my real dad.
[Footsteps approaching]
Rosie, I no longer want
these items in my home.
Where do you keep the trash?
What is that?
Mementos from my friendship
with Fabian.
Mostly hair products.
Straightener.
That's ironic.
Mrs. Genevieve,
is everything okay?
I tried to let
Fabian down easy.
He didn't take it very well.
What did he say?
No, no.
It's too awful.
Let's just say he wounded
me to my very core.
Please make this go away.
Okay, I'm not getting
anywhere with this, anyway.
It's all so confusing.
What's confusing?
Peri's murder.
Are we still on that?
Yes.
You see, there's this
bad man named Ben,
but somehow he's always
one step ahead of me.
Maybe he's got
someone spying on me.
Or following me.
Rosie, I'm drifting.
Anyway, he's involved with
something called The Circle,
whatever that is.
- And then there's...
- Hold on.
Did you say The Circle?
Yeah, why?
I think I can help you.
Fabian was always trying
to get me to read this.
"Joynetics:
Completing the Circle."
It's a bunch of
new-age mumbo-jumbo.
And if you ask me,
it sounds like a cult.
I gave Spence
the drug I got from you.
Nothing happened.
It was a placebo, wasn't it?
You got Spence addicted.
It was starting
to raise questions.
Well, you could have warned me.
You were sloppy.
We weren't sure you
could be trusted anymore.
W-W-We?
Mother knows about this?
Of course.
It was her idea.
She's very unhappy
with you, Ben.
And you know how Mother gets.
♪ ♪
- sync and corrections by Zac -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org